Hi, Israq twenty one here,
Today, I will recap a movie called Pizza Dare Part 2
Pizza Dare is a 2021 segggs drama film from south korea,
this film tells about a girl who likes to buy a pizza,
So this is a continuation of pizza dare part 1,
If you haven't watched it yet, watch it first.
This film tells the story of a thirsty girl who is never satisfied even though she has been Wik Wik many times by many men.
OK, what's the continuation of the story?
watch out and take care,
This is a spoiler content video, Enjoy the video and let’s start the story,
In pizza dare part 2,
it tells a flashback before Sora met Joffrey the pizza courier.
Then the film continues by showing Sora and Sapri who are doing wik wik,
but from here, Sora is feeling uncomfortable and sad,
maybe because Sora was only given a little money by Sapri.
Then they went to the wheat field for a photoshoot,
it is clear if Sora poses like a reliable sexy actress,
Suddenly, Ray, Sapri’s friend came to the place,
Sapri ordered Ray to have a wik wik with his girlfriend, Sora,
while Sapri chose to record it, Sapri was really crazy here.
After they were satisfied, they went home.
the next day, they met again,
Ray came with his girlfriend here, named Siska.
it turns out that they want to swap partners
and finally they do a crossbreeding to satisfy their wild fantasies.
After that, Sora was seen standing in front of Joffrey's pizza shop,
Sora seemed jealous to see Joffrey and Hinata's intimacy here,
in fact Sora also really wanted to be like them,
who felt the love of their partner not only as a segggs slave,
The next day, Ray came to Sora alone in the wheat field,
because they couldn't stand the temptation of Sora, they finally did a wik wik scene.
And it turns out that on the other hand, Ray's girlfriend, Siska,even came to Sapri's house,
without further ado, Siska ordered Sapri to wik wik her until she was satisfied.
Then the scene moved to Joffrey and hinata who were farming or wik wik like in the beginning of the pizza dare 1 movie,
after being satisfied, they both returned to the shop and worked as usual,
apparently there was Sora enjoying her drink,
Sora continued to look at the two of them,
Sora felt sad to see the harmony of Joffrey and Hinata,
because Sora never got the harmony with her partner.
The next day, Ray's girlfriend, Siska,
came back to Sapri's house and immediately hugged him.
After Siska talked about her love,
because she was horn nie,
she finally asked Sapri to wik wik her again,
they are making love until satisfied behind of Sora.
When Siska wanted to go home,
Sora, who was also there,
just gave up seeing her boyfriend Wik Wik with another girl,
because that was their job.
Just a few minutes Siska came home,
suddenly Ray also came and vented about his love problems.
Sapri only said oh just calm down,
Sora is here, you only need a wik wik  with her
Sapri finally asked Sora to do a wikwik with Ray,
and Sora could not help but agree even though he was forced to do it.
Then Sapri closed Sora's eyes and brought her to a room,
That's where Ray and Sora were told to do a wik wik scene while Sapri was busy filming the scene.
it turned out that without Sora's knowledge,
actually there were not only three of them in the room,
but a lot of masked men are already queuing for wik wik with her.
When Sora opened his blindfold,
Sora was surprised,
but because she was already feeling delicious,
Sora can only scream and enjoy the man's missiles.
After that, Sora chatted with Sapri,
She said that she wanted to be like the pizza courier and his partner who was very harmonious and friendly,
but unfortunately Sapri didn't care about Sora's wishes.
Until one day, there was a plan in Sora's mind,
where she wanted to order pizza and hoped that Joffrey the pizza delivery man would wik wik her,
and sure enough Joffrey was also interested in seeing Sora's very smooth and chubby body.
After that, Sora said to Sapri,
I want to play with the pizza guy in three,
now because Sapri is crazy and has wild fantasies,
finally he agreed to follow Sora's wishes,
so Sora ordered pizza again
and finally the three of them did a wik wik scene.
The next day, Sora wanted to order pizza again, hoping that Joffrey would deliver it.
but unfortunately it was Hinata who delivered the pizza.
Sora, who was ready to do a wik wik,
Then she took off his clothes,
She immediately shocked when she saw that it wasn't Joffrey who delivered the pizza but it’s  Joffrey's girlfriend, Hinata.
Sora was embarrassed and disappointed because of that incident,
Then the film tells about it was like pizza dare part 1,
where Hinata brought Joffrey to meet Sora and Sapri,
they pretended not to know each other here.
And after chatting that they wanted to swap partners,
finally there was a wik wik scene where Sapri played with Hinata while Sora played with Joffrey.
After that Joffrey and Hinata returned to their home in silence.
That night, Hinata wrote a letter, and then Hinata left Joffrey.
Now here I am really surprised,
it turns out that Hinata instead went to meet Sora,
and they did a lesbiola making love scene,
the scene started from scissors style, arguing, playing with milk, to playing lick licking the cave.
Then the next day, Joffrey, who lives alone now,
got an order for pizza,
and it turned out that the ones who ordered the pizza were Sora and Hinata, Joffrey was shocked,
then They invited Joffrey to play wik wik with three of them,
and the movie of pizza dare part 2 is
over,
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoy it,
Please, give me thumbs up and click the subscribe button,
See you on another video